Okay, here is the idea of making this application. I am a complete computer nerd. So, when I reinstall my Windows, I usually do a lot of tweaks to it to increase its performance, stability, and add a personalization and optimize added policy, group policy settings. But the thing is, I have noticed that there are billions of users around the world that are not that technical, and they often struggle with performance issues on Windows 11 and Windows 10 devices.So during my college year, I have also helped out a lot of students facing their performance issues with their computers. So I thought why not make a complete application that is generally made for everyone around the world, either if he or she is a technical or non-technical person. And I usually handpicked a set of certain features that are safe and easily reversible and that doesn't cause any system-wide damage to the system and put that in my application in a very beautiful UI design. So user only have to just click the button and enable that feature. Or in the case of global EC settings, he can just click the apply button and all my current group policy settings can be applied to any user's computer anywhere in the world.So, this application not only provides a very beautiful user experience, user interaction, beautiful sounds, gamify experience, beautiful visuals, and easy to use navigation system, but it is very well structured and very powerful application as well.that has each and every access of the user's computer to provide a seamless experience and my application has all the privileges of the user's computer to make sure his settings have been applied successfully with 100% accuracy and effective rate. Also, my application has some extra features like clean cache system that scans the system and cleans all the cache and after cleaning the cache it will show the user how much space has been cleaned. That was the purpose. Generally, it works like it will first scan the complete folders of the feature that is inside my clean section and it will save that value. After cleaning value, my system will automatically understand how much space is successfully have been cleaned. So, after calculating the original founded space and how much space my project has successfully managed to clean out and after substituting that original price for my current successful clean space from the original clean space.it will somehow use algorithms and give the user 100% accurate space how much space have been used okay we an extra feature is like another extra feature is like fixed window section scan and advanced scan and stuff like that in the future i will be making sure to add new features and the question arises how i will launch this product as in the public so i was thinking after my application is complete as you have my complete project structure i will i need to convert all of this project structure into dot exe file that is setup file that is similar to the setup files of all the other software present today on windows systems so if user click the that setup file that will give him or her uh installation uh guys terms and conditions apply and next and next and it will automatically choose the location where the setup will be downloaded or use and can choose this manual location but where whenever whichever location the user chooses or it will lead to automatic at that folder all of my uh resources my dll files my lgbo exe file and each and everything will be installed alongside with the main application exe file and stuff like that but we will work on this later in the future right now you are this is just an application background what is my idea really linked to this application.So this is just a basic, very basic background of my application.